---
title: Performance monitoring with CodeStream
metaDescription: "How to discover and colloborate on errors in CodeStream."
---

The work is done and the code is merged. That’s it, right? Of course not!
Software development isn’t a “Set it and forget it” process. It’s important to
know how your code is performing in production, and whether or not it’s
generating errors. CodeStream’s integration with New Relic One allows you to do
this by bringing performance monitoring right into your IDE.

Once you’ve [connected CodeStream to your New Relic One
account](/docs/codestream/start-here/codestream-new-relic) you’ll have a couple
of options for discovering errors in your code. From your [Errors
Inbox](/docs/errors-inbox/errors-inbox/) on New Relic One, APM errors with stack
traces will have an Open in IDE button that will allow you to jump right into
your IDE to start investigating the error.

![Errors Inbox](/images/ErrorsInbox.png)

You’ll also be able to discover errors right from your IDE with the
[Observability
section](/docs/codestream/codestream-ui-overview/observability-section) of the
CodeStream sidebar. You’ll see open errors assigned to you, as well as recent
errors from any of the repos you have open in your IDE.

![Observability Section](/images/ObservabilitySection.png)

Whether you open in IDE from the Errors Inbox, or click on an error from the
Observability section, you’ll now see all of the error’s details, including the
stack trace, and you can start collaborating with your teammates on resolution
of the error.

![Error Details](/images/ErrorDetails.png)

Click on any frame in the stack trace to jump straight to the corresponding file
and line number in your editor. As you navigate the stack trace, if you come
across some code that seems problematic, just select it and click on the comment
icon that appears next to it in the CodeStream pane. 

![Code Comment](/images/ErrorCodeComment.png) 

You’ll see that CodeStream automatically mentions the most recent person to
touch the code, making it easy for you to bring the right people into the
discussion.

![Auto Mention](/images/ErrorAutoMention.png)

Once you’ve identified the problem you can assign the error, either to an
existing teammate on CodeStream or to a person suggested based on the
repository’s git commit history.

![Assign Error](/images/ErrorAssignee.png)

You can also update the error’s status.

![Error Status](/images/ErrorStatus.png)

When you open an error on CodeStream you may see a yellow warning message at the
top indicating that there is no build SHA associated with the error. The build
SHA allows CodeStream to let you know whether or not you’re looking at the same
version of the code that’s running in the environment that triggered the error.
You can associate build SHAs with entities on New Relic One, and by extension,
error, by [setting an environment variable in your build
pipeline](/docs/codestream/start-here/codestream-new-relic/#apm). You can go
ahead and investigate the error even without the build SHA configured, but keep
in mind that you may not be looking at the right version of the code.

![Build SHA Not Configured](/images/BuildSHANotConfigured.png)

If you do have build SHAs configured, but the version of the code you have
locally does contain that commit, CodeStream will let you know so that you can
better investigate the error.

![Build SHA Not Found](/images/BuildSHANotFound.png)

CodeStream will also let you know if the error doesn’t have a stack trace
associated with it, which can happen with older errors where the stack trace has
aged out on New Relic One.

Collaborating on errors isn’t limited to developers in their IDEs. An error can
be shared out to Slack or Microsoft Teams so that people who don’t spend time in
an IDE can participate.

![Share Error](/images/ShareError.png)

All of this information, including the discussion, assignee and error status,
remains in sync with New Relic One so that people can also participate from
there. You could envision a collaboration session, with some developers
participating from their IDEs, maybe a devops engineer participating from New
Relic One, and maybe a development manager following along from Slack. All in
the name of shortening the amount of time between error discovery and error
resolution!

![Error on New Relic One](/images/ErrorOnNR1.png)

Note that when you open an error via the Open in IDE button on New Relic One, if
there is no repository associated with it CodeStream will prompt you to select
one.

![Repository Association](/images/RepoAssociation.png)

All repositories you currently have open in your IDE are listed in the dropdown.
If you don’t see the appropriate repository listed, just open it and it will
automatically get added to the list. If you’re working with a fork be sure to
select the upstream remote from the list.

To avoid having to do this manual association every time you open an error
associated with a different entity on New Relic One, you can also [make these
associations via environment variables in your build
pipeline](/docs/codestream/start-here/codestream-new-relic/#repo-url).
